provider: Adds support for enabling regional endpoint for S3 (#33024)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: .changelog/33024.txt

```release-note:enhancement

> provider: Adds support for using regional S3 API endpoint in `us-east-1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provider: Adds the `s3_us_east_1_regional_endpoint ` attribute to support using the regional S3 API endpoint in `us-east-1`.
```
